# TinyURL

I will describe 3 approaches to size limited cache:
1. Absolute Expiration policy will remove an item from cache after a fixed amount of time, no matter what. Disadvantage is we might need it right the minute after it's removed. when we'll need the data for later use it won't be available. Advantage is the data we'll need is most likely in the cache since cache is commonly used for data we need to pull on the go and don't want to perform heavy operations to get.
2. Sliding Expiration policy will remove an item from cache if it wasn’t accessed in a fixed amount of time. So if I set the expiration to 1 minute, the item will keep staying in cache as long as I use it every 30 seconds. Once I don’t use it for longer than a minute, the item is evicted. Advantage is its usage sensitive, meaning it seems to adjust the data stored in cache exactly to our needs. Disadvantage is we may need data regularly but not that often. So if we haven't used the data for the time we set it will be removed. (Can be also problematic if not being used with Upper bound for cache size- in rare cases when a lot of data is used frequently can cause memory overflow and overall decrease in performance).
3. Size Limit policy will limit the cache memory size. Settles a Fixed size for the cache. Advantage is the simplicity and the strict protection from memory overflow. This mechanism doesn't hold any variables and doesn’t preforms any calculations which overall helps with performance. Suits best for cases when we need  variety of data from different times. Disadvantage is it doesn't take in consideration popularity of data that's used.
I implemented the last one:)
